Add important tip to Hashicorp Vault & CLI section to Import Conns/Vars (#2552)
astronomer/docs: astro/secrets-backend.md

To store an Airflow variable in Vault as a secret, run the following Vault CLI command with your own values:

```bash

> vault secrets enable -path=<my-airflow-mount> -version=2 kv

Reviewer: In the `kwargs` config later, we tell users that the path they should specify here is `secrets/connections` and `secrets/variables`. Unless there's a good reason someone would want to customize those names, we shouldn't use placeholder. This provides a more straightforward setup because the user has to make less arbitrary decisions on naming

> vault kv put -mount=<my-airflow-mount> <my-variables-path>/<my-variable-name> value=<my-value-value>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vault kv put -mount=secret variables/<your-variable-name> value=<your-variable-value>
```

```

> To store a connection in Vault as a secret in URI representation, run the following Vault CLI command with your own values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To store a connection in Vault as a secret, first format the connection as a URI. Then, run the following Vault CLI command:
```

```bash

> vault secrets enable -path=<my-airflow-mount> -version=2 kv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vault secrets enable -path=secret -version=2 kv
```

> vault kv put -mount=<my-airflow-mount> <my-connections-path>/<my-connection-name> conn_uri=<connection-type>://<connection-login>:<connection-password>@<connection-host>:<connection-port>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vault kv put -mount=secret connections/<your-connection-name> conn_uri=<connection-type>://<connection-login>:<connection-password>@<connection-host>:<connection-port>
```

```

> To import your connections in URI format, see [Import and export connections](import-export-connections-variables.md#using-the-astro-cli-local-environments-only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To format existing connections in a URI format, see [Import and export connections](import-export-connections-variables.md#using-the-astro-cli-local-environments-only).
```

> :::tip important

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
```

Reviewer: https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions

> Please note that even though Vault allows to create a custom key name for your secrets, Airflow requires the Key name to be `value` for Airflow variables and `conn_uri` for Airflow connections as shown in the commands above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use custom key names for your secrets. Airflow requires the key name `value` for all Airflow variables and the key name `conn_uri` for all Airflow connections as shown in the previous commands.
```

> For example, `vault kv put -mount=my-mount my_secret foo=bar` is a valid Vault CLI command to store your secret, where `foo` is the Key and `bar` is the Value, but Airflow will not be able to parse it.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

:::

To confirm that your secret was written to Vault successfully, run:

```bash
# For variables

> $ vault kv get -mount=<my-airflow-mount> <my-variables-path>/<my-variable-name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ vault kv get -mount=<your-airflow-mount> variables/<your-variable-name>
```

# For connections

> $ vault kv get -mount=<my-airflow-mount> <my-connections-path>/<my-connection-name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ vault kv get -mount=secret connections/<your-connection-name>
```

$ vault kv get secret/connections/<your-connection-id>
```

:::tip important

> For Airflow variables, the name of the key for the Vault secret you create must be `value`. For example, if you are creating a secret called secret/variables/my-var, the **key** must be named `value` and **value** will be your variable's value.

Reviewer: - Should we move this to after line 230? (`vault kv put secret/variables/<your-variable-key> value=<your-variable-value>`)
- I also don't see the user specifies `value` in the command we provide. Do we need to update our command examples?

Author: i wanted to , but was confused as you had mentioned tips should always be at the end. good you suggested this :)

Reviewer: I hope I didn't say "always"! I often tend to move them if they come immediately after a topic title, but where they end up can vary based on the content of the note

> For Airflow connections, the name of the key for the Vault secret you create must be `conn_uri`. For example, if you are creating a secret called secret/connections/my-conn, the **key** must be named `conn_uri` and **value** will be your connection's URI. See [Import and export connections](import-export-connections-variables.md#using-astro-cli) to export your connection in URI format.

Reviewer: Same here, we should move this to just after the example command
